level 1 -----------------------------------(this is a hint group, composed of three hints, one per line)
Walk with the <kbd>arrow keys</kbd>.
Your goal is to the right.
Go for it!

level 2 -----------------------------------(this is another hint group, with just 2 hints)
After a fall, can you climb?
Press <kbd>up</kbd> then <kbd>right</kbd> to climb a step.



level 3 -----------------------------------(this hint group is separated from the previous one by more than one empty line)
Gravity affects both players and blocks.
Push the block rightwards and watch the important winning animation.

level 4 -----------------------------------(all numbers at the start of each hint line, below, are ignored)
4 Does "falling through a goal" mean you haven't reached it?
3 Press <kbd>down</kbd> to pick a block below, carry it leftwards, then press <kbd>up</kbd> to drop it.
2.1 After dropping the block below the goal, you can finally reach it!

level 5 -----------------------------------(the image "sidedrop.png" is located at "hints/platformer-template/sidedrop.png")
To drop a block, you need space to be in tall position...
... but blocks can also be dropped sideways if a wall prevents them being carried along with you:
sidedrop.png

level 6 -----------------------------------(the "level X" line will be supressed from now on, except in level 11)
Carried blocks can be thrown sideways.
sideways.png
Blocks can also be pushed from tall position.

7 You can push multiple blocks.
That pit on the right seems too deep. Can you fill it?
Can you save the first block and use the other two to fill the pit?

8 When you push a block, everything on top is pushed along too.
Don't push everything too far!

9 You can carry many blocks together!
You can drop carried blocks one by one (press up successively).
Drop all blocks in the middle of the screen.

10 The block on the right is completely stuck, so a three-block tower is impossible.
Place a block on top of the right single wall, then push it on top of the rightmost block...
...now climb over the wall, pick the block again and push it left to make a 2-block tower in the middle.

level 11 -----------------------------------(this is an empty hint group, meaning that level 11 has zero hints!)

12 To make a player tower, start by separating both players far apart.
The player furthest from the centre should be tall and beside a wall. Only then should the other player come closer.

13 Make a player tower, then press <kbd>up</kbd> or <kbd>down</kbd> a couple times to see what happens!
The rightmost gap can only be passed by also making a player tower there.
twoplayertower.png

14 A tall player that tries to move into a wall will stay tall.
What is the greatest distance possible between both players?
With players 3 units apart horizontally (i.e. with 2 spaces between them), lodge the leftmost player against a wall, then bring the rightmost player next to it. Then make a tower!

15 Towers can mix players and blocks freely!
In a mixed tower, press <kbd>up</kbd> or <kbd>down</kbd> a few times to learn how to change the positions of players and blocks!
Both players must enter the goal at the same time.

16 Timing is everything.
Just because you're starting to win, don't waste precious blocks!
Move the bottom player leftwards as soon as the winning animation starts to save a block from deletion.

17 No one wins alone.
Before you clear the top goal, make sure the bottommost player can reach the top.

18 Placing one player at a top goal is easy. But how to you place another one?
Start by aligning all three players vertically...
...then clear the first goal while preserving a standing 2-player tower. 

19 Some goals are higher than others.
Clear the two top goals before the two bottom goals.
Manage the player tower with <kbd>up</kbd> or <kbd>down</kbd> to avoid eliminating players prematurely!

20 Such a deep abyss... is there a way to cross it?
Place the first block halfway into the chasm, then push the second block over it.

21 Is the longest block really stuck?
Longer blocks can be thrown sideways just like smaller blocks!

level 22

23 Two goals may require two players.
How can the rightmost player be liberated?
Could you destroy what you can't move? 

24 Count your distances!
If it looks impossible, that's because it is.
Hence, mustn't you revise your assumptions?

level 25 

26 Could a single player alone eliminate all goals?

27 How do you break the stack made by both blocks?

28 How can you get rid of the block you're carrying?
Can you take advantage of the dashes?
Or rather, of one of them?

level 29

30 Before everything else, dashes move a block in their direction.
Shall several dashes compete for longer blocks, which dash will prevail?

31 Whatever you carry, you'll keep carrying while dashing.

32 How can you reach the top block pair?
Clearly, the longer block must be sent there. 
So, how do you eliminate conflicting dashes to clear the way for the long block?

level 33

level 34

35 To place the horizontal block aside on the left...
... how do you place the shorter vertical block of the way?

36 Could the vertical blocks be placed in a different order?
Which block should fill the pit?
Which other block should make the stair to the higher platform?
Are you sure you want to know?
The longest block should fill the pit.

37 Get rid of the biggest problem first!
Strong as you are, you pick even the largest blocks easily.
But aren't smaller blocks more useful?

38 Are blocks picked from different spots easier to stack?

39 To access the goal, which block must be placed below it?
How do you release the vertical block from its trap?
By pushing it sideways, maybe?

40 What you disassemble, you need not reassemble.
Move the three blocks to the right-hand side, one by one.
How many do you need to clear the first goal?

41 How do avoid being trapped inside a block?
When should both players be synchronised, and when should they instead be vertically aligned?

42 You need the block. Don't destroy it!

43 Captain, the boat is on the right. All aboard!
What happens when the entire crew tries to lift the boat at the same time?
Could this effect be useful, with the boat in a proper position and all crew aboard?
What is best position to lift the boat?

44 Sticky blocks are longer on their sticky side.
Spare the dashes until the longer block is assembled!

45 Make different shapes! Some might be useful.
Vertically speaking, how many sticky blocks can you afford to lose?
NB: The topmost block of the tower you're climbing must be able to pass through the spaces.

46 All blocks stick before falling!

47 Clearing 4 goals using only 1 player and 2 blocks seems impossible.
So, what else will you try?

48 How can the vertical sticky blocks help?
Can you use them to free the horizontal block?

level 49

50 Can the horizontal block be accessed?
If not by you, by what? 

51 Which goals must be directly touched by the players?
Clearly, each top goal must be eliminated by a different player.
How do you ensure that the central goal is also eliminated?
leftfoot.png